a)	Candidate –
Assigned user to upload the CV as an attachment (PDF / DOC /DOCX etc.). System to convert PDF into DOC/DOCX format and vice versa. Both versions to remain in database and accessible to assigned user and higher up. Also, the uploaded document to be pursed to extract the following data.
1)	Name (text)
2)	Qualification Auto capture all.
3)	Total experience in years (numeric)
4)	Email (text) Q: is it possible to keep a validation logic? e.g., @......com must be there?
5)	Mobile and Alternative mobile number (both numeric 10 digit). Need Country Code field (dropdown) before number.
6)	Current/Last organization (text)
7)	Current Designation (text)
8)	DOB
9)	Calculation of Age Automatically 
10)	Current Location (If mentioned in resume or location to be capture from address is it possible?)
11)	Current/Last CTC in INR (numeric) I think its need to fill manually
12)	Notice period in days (numeric. Allow 0) I think its need to fill manually
13)	Duplicate Parsing - old resume should be over written with new one (if possible, comparison on word count etc. to identify its recent or same) and user who parse name should come in comment or remark section automatic parsing only if its 30 days old


2.7 Intimation: For any update – status change, comment, assign/reassign, system should send intimation to higher up within Tool. 
Example. Recruiter has added a candidate profile to a position and put some comment in the position. Team Lead (1-level up), Operations Head (2-level up) and Super Admin (3-levels up) shall get intimation of the comment.
*If candidate is attached to any requirement, it should get locked other user if tries to attached get prompt message on Candidate status based upon status system admin can lock or unlock the candidate profile.

2.8 Mailing: Mail to candidate and Client company representative directly from this tool in pre-defined template. Mail templates to be provided to Vijay/Raghav. 
Mail attachment –
Option to attach documents, e.g., JD, Resume etc. in WORD and PDF format.
Option to remove budgeted CTC or budgeted Compensation from JD.
Option to remove Email, Phone/Mobile No. from Resume. 
Automatically add text “Ken McCoy Consulting” in header or footer section of resume. And as Water Mark Ken McCoy or KMC (Personal suggestion as it cannot be removed)
Report export: Report export in Excel. Report to contain Client, Position and Candidate details. Combined master report with all related data and separate report for Client, Position, Candidate.

1.	Client details Report As per you excel
2.	Candidate report Name Current Company Designation Mobile Number Email id current location and Interview status/Remark/Feedback (Need handy in case to print)
3.	Position Client wise Report Client name Position Name Current Company Designation Mobile Number Email id current location and Interview status/Remark/Feedback
4.	Candidate Joining or Offer stage report Client name Position Name Current Company Designation Mobile Number Email id current location Joining Location and Joined/Joining date and Remarks (Which we can fill manually Recruiter name or TL name)
5.	General Client Report Client Report Client Name Position Total CV sourced (Numeric)
6.	Master Report for all Client for Quarterly or Monthly or Annually Client Name Position (Numeric total) CV sourced (Numeric count from all position) Position closed, Total Billing (This report only can be generated by Operation Head or Admin)
7.	Customised Report as per client requirement field can be added or removed (We upload a file and the system takes the format)


